Okay. We want to make this junction object called set time.
>> Right.
>> Because we want this menu to menu relationship between stages and bands.
>> Mm-hm.
>> And cool. Okay, I'm going to go into Schema Builder. because I want to see
what we're working with now. And obviously right now we don't even have this set
time object, and band is related to stage. So, is it just as straightforward
as this looks? I have to delete
the existing relationship between band and stage and
then, you know, sort of create this new stuff?
>> Yup, just create that new object with
those relationships, and it's as simple as that.
>> All right, let me give it a shot.